c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.dll.config
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.pdb
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.dll
c:\users\shaikot\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.pdb
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.dll.config
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.pdb
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Owin.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.dll
D:\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.pdb
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.dll.config
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.pdb
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.dll
C:\Users\KAWSAR\Desktop\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.pdb
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.dll.config
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.pdb
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Owin.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.dll
F:\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.pdb
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.dll.config
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\BloodInfo1.pdb
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.dll
D:\Shaikot\Shaikot\BloodInfo1\BloodInfo1\obj\Debug\BloodInfo1.pdb
